README.md, before:

# Euchre Night

#### A new iOS game by Shawn Clary

<p align="center">
  <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26289436/131942355-d070153e-6b0c-4447-aefb-9e77fea4a9e1.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/euchre-night/id1582666948" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img width="200" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26289436/131943331-3403418e-7029-46dd-b637-64d5e9190bcf.png">
  </a>
</p>

## About the Project

This was my first foray into React-Native, and I had a blast! What an enjoyable process. The most challenging aspect of this project was building the AI for the computer players as well as the layout design in accomodating various the iPhone screen sizes.

I was so impressed with how well the React-Native and Expo documentation was made. I used Expo's Managed Workflow which does limit you a bit on the external libraries you can use, but I found the ones they included met all my needs for this project.

From start to finish, this project took about 17 days. Most of the game logic was completed on a web-version created the preceding week, however much had to be re-tooled for the Native version.

### Dependencies Used

- react
- react-dom
- react-native
- react-native-flip-card
- react-native-svg
- react-native-web
- react-native-async-storage
- expo
- expo-av
- expo-cli
- expo-device
- expo-font
- expo-linking
- expo-status-bar
- expo-store-review

## Version & Build History

### Version 1.0.2 (current)

#### Builds

- 1.0.4 (current)
  - Fixed a bug where a card disappeared from your hand stopping play
  - Fixed a bug which caused the upTrump card to not reappear subsequent to the first match
  - Optimized the method the trumpStack and the upTrump card where loaded and animated to avoid timing bugs
  - Fixed a visual issue with the splash screen
  - Kicked butt, took names, had a good time

### Version 1.0

#### Builds

- 1.0.1
  - AppStore Submission

### Version 0.9.0

#### Builds

- 0.9.0
  - launch of beta testing through TestFlight
- 0.9.1
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.2
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.3
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.4
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.5
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.6rc
  - Release Candidate

## Planned Future Updates

### v2.0
The plan for 2.0 is an online multiplayer experience

## Privacy Policy

(_updated 09/02/21_)

[Click here](https://sleeptil3.github.io/euchre-native/) to view the Privacy Policy

## Licensing

(_updated 09/02/21_)

While this project is posted publically for educational purposes, the code herein is ©2021 Shawn Clary (All Rights Reserved) and no portion of this code, in-part or in-whole, may be used for commercial purposes without express written permission by Shawn Clary.

## Contact & Support

- If you find a bug or have a feature request, submit an Issue to this repository using the templates provided
- To get in contact with me directly, use the [contact form](https://www.sleeptil3software.com/#/contact) on my website

Commit message:

updated version and build info

README.md, after:

# Euchre Night

#### A new iOS game by Shawn Clary

<p align="center">
  <img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26289436/131942355-d070153e-6b0c-4447-aefb-9e77fea4a9e1.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/euchre-night/id1582666948" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <img width="200" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26289436/131943331-3403418e-7029-46dd-b637-64d5e9190bcf.png">
  </a>
</p>

## About the Project

This was my first foray into React-Native, and I had a blast! What an enjoyable process. The most challenging aspect of this project was building the AI for the computer players as well as the layout design in accomodating various the iPhone screen sizes.

I was so impressed with how well the React-Native and Expo documentation was made. I used Expo's Managed Workflow which does limit you a bit on the external libraries you can use, but I found the ones they included met all my needs for this project.

From start to finish, this project took about 17 days. Most of the game logic was completed on a web-version created the preceding week, however much had to be re-tooled for the Native version.

### Dependencies Used

- react
- react-dom
- react-native
- react-native-flip-card
- react-native-svg
- react-native-web
- react-native-async-storage
- expo
- expo-av
- expo-cli
- expo-device
- expo-font
- expo-linking
- expo-status-bar
- expo-store-review

## Version & Build History

### Version 1.0.5 (in development)

#### Builds

- 2021.9.b1 (in development)
  - fixed versioning/build numbers being out of sync

### Version 1.0.2

#### Builds

- 1.0.4
  - Fixed a bug where a card disappeared from your hand stopping play
  - Fixed a bug which caused the upTrump card to not reappear subsequent to the first match
  - Optimized the method the trumpStack and the upTrump card where loaded and animated to avoid timing bugs
  - Fixed a visual issue with the splash screen
  - Kicked butt, took names, had a good time

### Version 1.0

#### Builds

- 1.0.1
  - AppStore Submission

### Version 0.9.0

#### Builds

- 0.9.0
  - launch of beta testing through TestFlight
- 0.9.1
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.2
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.3
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.4
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.5
  - Bug Fixes
- 0.9.6rc
  - Release Candidate

## Planned Future Updates

### v2.0

The plan for 2.0 is an online multiplayer experience

## Privacy Policy

(_updated 09/02/21_)

[Click here](https://sleeptil3.github.io/euchre-native/) to view the Privacy Policy

## Licensing

(_updated 09/02/21_)

While this project is posted publically for educational purposes, the code herein is ©2021 Shawn Clary (All Rights Reserved) and no portion of this code, in-part or in-whole, may be used for commercial purposes without express written permission by Shawn Clary.

## Contact & Support

- If you find a bug or have a feature request, submit an Issue to this repository using the templates provided
- To get in contact with me directly, use the [contact form](https://www.sleeptil3software.com/#/contact) on my website
